	"Check!" screamed Owen, as his knight captured Fred's rook. "Nice," replied Fred, "but you forgot about my queen." Fred's queen flew into action, removing the threat to the dear king's safety.

	"Ooh la la," said a random creep watching them play chess.

	"Do ya mind?" Fred asked with a hint of annoyance. "We're kinda trying to play a game here and you're just standing their being creepy."

	"Sorry," the uninvited spectator said as he slowly backed away. Nobody was there to get in the way now. Just Owen and Fred.

	"You might have your Queen," Owen said, "but it's now directly in the path of my bishop." Owen moved his bishop diagonally.

	"Oh really?" remarked Fred. He then proceeded to catch Owen off guard by screaming, "Queen 2.0, secret power! Laser beams: ACTIVATE!!"

	Owen reacted with complete confusion; "What are you even tal-"

	Suddenly, a blast of light interrupted Owen's remarks. A laser beam shot out of Fred's queen and hit the bishop, turning it instantly into a pile of ash.

	Owen was so dumbstruck by this that all he could do was say, "Wh- hu- what the hell?!" Eventually, Owen processed what had happened, and said, in a surprisingly deep voice, "Oh, so that's how you want to play this game... you son of a-"

	Owen felt his hand get stopped with tremendous force as he tried to move it towards one of his pawns. He looked down and saw Fred's king holding his finger, and smiling.

	"Why would a country want a weak king, I say?" asked the king rhetorically.

	"Holy crap," exclaimed Owen, "you can talk?!"

	"You thought we were actual chess pieces?" asked the king. "Oh, Chaos, no! We're robots that are highly trained in 空手, and we're going to use it to beat your ass!"

	"Wait, really?" asked Owen, who was, at this point, highly confused.

	"No," said the king sarcastically, "you're in a freakin' coma right now and this is all just one heck of a dream."

	Owen thought for a minute before saying, "that would actually make much more se-"

	"I was being sarcastic!!" yelled the robotic chess piece, "could you not tell?!" All of a sudden, the robots transformed into life-size humanoid drones, which were all wearing 着物.

	"Aw," said Owen, "how cute. You know what they say? Never bring kuh-rah-tee to a gun fight, and I happen to be a military snipper. Former - former military snipper."

	Owen whipped out a machine gun and started rapid-firing at the robots before they could say anything.

	"Any last words?" Owen asked to one of the robots, lying in a pile of its own oil.

	The robot, formerly a king on a chess board, weakly replied with, "It's... prounounced... 空手."

	"What?" Owen asked, confused.

	"You... you said... it was... kuh-... rah-... tee-... It's real... really pronounced... か...ら...て..."

	And with a burst of sparks, the robot was no longer powered on.

	"Take that, Fred!" Owen yelled out. "Whatcha gonna do now?"

	Fred replied with 8 simple words: "Never bring a gun to a lightsaber fight." He turned around swiftly, and without hesitation, drew a lightsaber from the pocket of his pants and activated it.

	Owen stared at the plasma-powered sword in awe. "What the actual hell...," he muttered under his breath. Owen attempted to rapid-fire at Fred, but all of the bullets were blocked by swift, eLeGaNt movements of his lightsaber.

	"Ha," Fred taunted, "looks like you don't got it in you!"

	Fred swung his lightsaber, and cut Owen's machine gun into equal-sized halves - straight down the middle.

	"We need backup, over," Owen said into his walkie-talkie, which was now, all of a sudden clipped on to part of his jacket.

	Fred put a hand through his, not-so-silky, greying hair as huge amounts of tanks pulled up behind him. "Oh," he said, pausing for a minute. After 20 seconds of silence, he finally said, "you think you can defeat me?" He then pulled out a stick and shouted, "Wingardium Leviosa!"

	Inside one of the tanks, they had locked on Fred as the target. "Sir," the gun-positioner-person said, "we're locked and ready to faiia- HOLY SH-" Those were the last words ever said by the gun-positioner-person, as the tank came crashing down.

	"Hell naw!" exclaimed Owen as he dived out of the way to avoid getting crushed by the eighty-thousand-pound tank. "Well guess what?" he taunted to Fred.

	"Oh yeah," Fred loudly replied, "what?"

	"You're gonna pay for that! I have a voom!"

	"What the frick is a voom?"

	"This is," said Owen, pulling something smaller than an ant out of his hand. All of a sudden, a big sound wave blasted out of this voom, causing all the trees in the forest to collapse.

	Owen and Fred were now trapped together - in a cave made of trees; a wooden fighting arena - plus a few picnic tables and a lamppost.

	"Hahahahaha."

	Owen stared at the direction the laughter was coming from.

	"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

	"The hell you laughing about?" asked Owen, seriously confused about what was happening.

	"Was that voom from Cat in the Hat Comes Back?" Fred asked, followed by hysterical laughter.

	"I went to a scientist and had them make a real-life version!" Owen yelled, defending his attack method. "You never know when a voom could come in useful! What, did you think I'm gonna stay a virgin all of my life?!"

	"I mean, if I were to guess, I honestly would say..." Fred paused for a second before saying, "...yes!"

	Owen used the voom again, causing logs to fall on to of Fred. "I'm going to have a wife! I'm going to have kids! No matter what you say, I will NOT be a virgin!!"

	Fred climbed out from underneath the wood. He was bleeding, but smiling. Owen found this creepy.

	"Hey," Fred said, "it's gonna take a lot more than that to defeat me."

	"Shut up," Owen muttered.

	"You don't know my secret?" asked Fred.

	"Secret? What secret?"

	"俺の秘密は...",

	"What the..." Owen exclaimed in confusion, "why are you speaking in Japanese?"

	"俺はナルト！"

	"What the actual hell is going on here?!" Owen yelled out. "I don't even know if this is real!"

	Fred put his hands together and crossed his fingers. He opened up his mouth...

	"セクシー...",

	"Nonononono," Owen muttered to himself, "if he actually is what he says he is, I'm going to freaking die..."

	"術後！"

	All of a sudden, a puff of smoke, and Fred was gone. Replaced by a woman. A woman so... er, indecent... that blood shot out of Owen's nose. So much blood that the pressure threw him straight threw his former cage.

	Owen regained consciousness. He was now not an adult with weird red hair - he was his normal 14-year-old self. He now had a question in his mind: "why the hell was I an adult, and why was I playing chess with a freakin' stranger?!"

	Throw some fog that just... randomly appeared, he saw a silhouette... a sexy one... No! He couldn't give in to the power of the セクシー術後 attack!

	The woman, with mist flowing over some... questionable... areas of her body, then disappeared... yet another puff of smoke! And Fred returned back into his normal form: it was indeed ナルト.

	All of a sudden, Owen had an impulse to say something. He didn't want to say it, but the impulse was to strong. "There's something I want to say to you, but you won't understand it so I guess I'll have to dumb it down to your level!" The further Owen was along in saying it, the faster and higher pitch his voice got. All of a sudden, he closed his eyes, and, in the voice of the snow monster from Frozen, bellowed out, "この変態野郎よ！！！"

	Owen heard a deep, raspy voice speak; "What? I don't speak Jawaese..."

	Owen then looked up. Fred was gone; ナルト was gone; the sexy lady was gone; they had been replaced by none other than... DARTH VADER!!!

	"は？！" exclaimed Owen... that's when he realized something - his voice. It sounded like an accent. Owen was now unable to talk in English. He thought completely in English, but was only able to speak in Japanese.

	"何を何を何を何を何をするか..." he muttered. He then turned towards Darth Vader, and bellowed out, "てめえは何をしたよ？！"

	It was clear that Owen was angry, but Darth Vader couldn't figure out why, as he only spoke English. Owen somehow sensed this, because... he could sense things now, apparently.

	"くそー、" he whispered under his breath. "くそー、くそー、くそー、くそー、くそー！"

	Darth Vader then started acting like a total creep and getting in Owen's face.

	"畜生、" whisperred Owen, "こいつはうざい野郎だ！"

	"くそー、" Owen whisperred over and over again as Darth Vader got closer.

	When there noses touched, all was silent... and then Darth Vader breathed out. Very. Very. Slowly. He then uttered one single sentence:

	"Owen... I am your father..."

	The only time Owen was able to shout English... albeit it being Engrish, his voice was being controlled, and the only thing he could bellow out was...

	"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

	Darth Vader let out Doctor Eggman's signature evil laugh, as he grabbed a flicky out of mid-air and stuffed it into the battery compartment on his medival-looking beatbox.

	The beatbox started to play from a cassette, which was labeled: "Skibidi, hentai, and free cheese for all: the ultimate mixtrack for dying roses"

	This double-sided cassette contained only one song, which played on loop; "Los verbos de cambian radical, cambian de 'o' a 'ue'! Los verbos de cambian radical, cambian de 'o' a 'ue'!"

	"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Owen continued to scream, his ears now being tortured with the music of a Spanish teacher that he never even had, his mind filling with memories of being pricked on a cactus that he never even touched.

	"Dormir, duermo, dormimos, jugar, juego, jugamos..."

	"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

	The pain Owen was experiencing was obvious.

	"...poder, puedo, podemos..."

	"ダメだ、クソッタレ... NOOOOOOOUOUOUOUOUOUOOO!"

	Darth Vader, who had been fully transformed into Eggman, was laughing his signature "Ohhhhhhhhhohohohoho!" when the music stopped. The pain was over, and Owen was finally able to speak in English again.

	"What the hell is going on?!?!" Owen exclaimed, but nobody answered his question. His asking of that question being the most sane thing that had happened within the past 7-and-a-quarter minutes.

	All of a sudden, he heard tires screeching, and a stereotypical metal pipe falling sound... a limosine had pulled up and crashed into some oxygen molecules in front of it.

	"Blasted air," a familiar voice muttered.

	"Dwayne Johnson?!" Owen exclaimed in surprise. "Why is he here?!"

	"Because," Dwayne said, as he stepped out of the now-totalled limo, "I have bat." Without warning, he pulled out a bat - but not the kind in baseball. He pulled out a bat, which was screeching and trying to do everything in its power to escape.

	"Screech! Screech! Screech!"

	Owen pulled out his iPhone, which was running Android... also interestingly, it had both the dynamic island and home button, despite being the iPhone 12 - which was supposed to have the notch.

	He opened up Google Translate, which opened with a weird animation that reminded him of a drunk guy on steroids. Or worse.

	Google Translate told him what the bat was saying, or at least to an extent...

	"Let go of me! I want to go home to my brother, my sister, my daddy, and my prostitute!" announced the phone. Owen stared at it as it continued spewing out nonsense: "You're hurting me! Please don't grab my wing like that! It can cause tears in the space-time continuum when you grab my booty like a frashed-up doggone lackymobile!"

	Owen just put his phone away, which had somehow transformed into a Nokia without him noticing, and decided to focus his attention on Dwayne Johnson instead of the bat. "Oh really?" Owen asked sarcastically. "I didn't knew you had a bat - it's not like I could hear the damn thing screeching as you got off the elevator! And the smell? Oh, that was you!"

	Owen covered his mouth - he had no idea what he even just said.

	"Oh, just you wait," hissed the famous actor through clenched teeth, "I'm gonna give you to the count of 10 to get your dirty, lousy, no-good stork-sniffing keister off of my property, before I club you on the head with this bat!"

	Owen refocused on the bat, which was now screeching in slow-motion. Some text was floating in mid-air, which read "Horny Stick."

	"Well," Owen started, in the deep Miles Morales "Hey" voice, "If I'm gonna go out like this, I have only two requests. One; say hello to my grandma-ma. And two..."

	"Oi!"

	Owen was startled. He looked up to see his sister staring him in the face.

	"Ahhh! What the hell?!"

	"Oh," Owen's sweet and charming sister said, "you overslept."

	"I WHAAAAAT?"

	"Overslept."

	"Oh, Chaosdammit!" shouted Owen, "I can't be late to class! First I'm trying to be killed by Darth Vader and ナルト, then I see Dwayne Johnson, I already have to go get an actual iPhone 12 - actually, I might upgrade to the 15 - and now I'm going to be late to class!"

	Owen ran down the stairs and ran out the door, running towards the general direction of school.



==============================================



	"くそー！"

	The doors were locked. He had to get to first period though - this was a very strict school. Swearing could get you expelled (hence his use of "くそー" - the security cameras could only recognize speech in English and Spanish), being late could get you expelled, slapping someone so lightly they wouldn't even feel it (so not actually touching them) could get you expelled, almost going into the wrong bathroom could get you reported to the FBI, and going to the principal's office for any reason would result in being expelled, getting a call home, failing every class, and being shown as a lowlife brat to anyone who wanted to employ you. The worst part? This was the only public school in their area.

	"This is why I hate Ohio," Owen muttered, "I can't believe this! Damn it!"

	"SWEARING DETECTED," said the security camera, "STUDENT IDENTIFIED. OWEN YOSHI: EXPELLED. REASON: SWEARING..."

	"Oh, you've gotten to be..."

	"AND BEING NAMED AFTER A CRINGE NINTENDO CHARACTER..."

	"Oh come on!" yelled Owen in protest, "You don't get to choose your last name!" Owen flipped the bird at the camera

	"...AND FLIPPING THE BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRD."

	By the time the camera was finished saying that in a mocking voice, Owen was already gone.



==============================================



	"Mom?"

	"Yes, Owen?"

	"We should move out of Ohio," Owen said while setting his bag down.

	"Oh, by the way," Owen's sister said, walking down the stairs, "It's April Fools' Day."

	"Isn't that on... Saturday?"

	"Exactly! Ha!"

	Owen clenched his fists. "You..." Owen pointed a shaky finger at his sister.

	"YOU GOT ME EXPELLED, YOU PIECE OF--"





To be continued.
